338 docs rfc the other half of the docs (#4199)
timescale/docs: _partials/_migrate_dump_awsrds.md

<MigrateAWSRDSConnectIntermediary />

> ## Migrate your data to your Tiger Cloud service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Migrate your data to your $SERVICE_LONG
```

To securely migrate data from your RDS instance:
<Procedure>

<MigrateAWSRDSMigrateData />

> ## Validate your Tiger Cloud service and restart your app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Validate your $SERVICE_LONG and restart your app
```
